feat: add twilio verify docs (#14863)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/phone-login/twilio.mdx

There are two reasons to use Supabase SMS OTP tokens:

- You want users to log in with a phone number and password, and verify the phone number on signup with SMS
- You want users to log in with a phone number ONLY (i.e. passwordless login)

What you'll need:

> - A Twilio account (sign up here: https://www.twilio.com/try-twilio)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Twilio account ([sign up](https://www.twilio.com/try-twilio))
```

> - A Supabase project (create one here: https://app.supabase.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supabase project (create one [here](https://supabase.com/dashboard))
```

> - A mobile phone capable of receiving SMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mobile phone capable of receiving SMS
```

> SMS Authentication can be done with either Twilio (Programmable Messaging) or Twilio Verify. [Twilio Verify](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/trusted-activation/verify) is a service that replaces [Twilio Programmable Messaging](https://www.twilio.com/docs/messaging). Twilio Verify is a specialized OTP solution and is recommended for developers requiring features like fraud protection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SMS Authentication can be done with either Twilio Verify or Twilio Programmable Messaging. [Twilio Verify](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/trusted-activation/verify) is a specialized OTP solution and is recommended for most developers that need over-the-phone authentication. Alternatively you can use [Twilio Programmable Messaging](https://www.twilio.com/docs/messaging) which offers generic SMS sending support.
```

I want us to focus people on Twilio Verify, as Programmable Messaging is not an authentication solution and there is regulation increasing all over the world about just sending SMSs. All of this is taken care of with Twilio Verify already.

Reviewer: this is much better.

Reviewer: when I first read through this it wasn't really clear that 1 was better / easier.

I really had to think reading it. don't make me think.

even go as far as put in place callouts explaining in programmable option is not what we recommend because X,Y,Z.

<Tabs>

> <TabPanel id="twilio-verify" label="Twilio Verify">

Reviewer 2: Why tabs?

Reviewer: Maybe just get rid of tabs. just have some buttons at top to jump to correct part of the page.

Reviewer: also avoids any SEO crawling issues

Author: Initially didn't want to push too hard on one solution so thought that using tabs would present them as alternatives but with Twilio as the slightly preferred alternative since it's the one displayed.

Removing the tabs

> - You want users to log in with mobile number + password, and the mobile number should be verified via SMS

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You want users to log in with a phone number and password, and verify the phone number on signup with SMS
```

> - You want users to log in with mobile number ONLY (i.e. passwordless login)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You want users to log in with a phone number ONLY (i.e. passwordless login)
```

})
```

> ## Twilio Verify

Reviewer 2: I would prefer if this is the first section. Twilio Verify is what most people should use, so it should be front-and-center. Maybe also re-order the dropdown in the dashboard to have Twilio Verify be first.

> Twilio Verify is an alternative service by Twilio which can replace Twilio Programmable Messaging (previous described). Developers may migrate from Twilio Messaging to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Twilio Verify](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/trusted-activation/verify) is service that replaces [Twilio Programmable Messaging](https://www.twilio.com/docs/messaging). It is a better choice for authenticating users over phone:
```

1. Make use of built in fraud detection
2. Utilize Message Services instead of a registered phone number.

> Twilio Verify is currently [set up as a Phone Provider](/docs/img/guides/auth-twilio/twilio-verify.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Twilio Verify is available as a separate phone provider. It can't be used together with other providers, including Twilio Programmable Messaging.
```

Link is broken?

To set up Twilio Verify, you will need to:

> 1. [Create a Verification Service on Twilio](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360033309133-Getting-Started-with-Twilio-Verify-V2)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new [verification service](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360033309133-Getting-Started-with-Twilio-Verify-V2) in the Twilio dashboard.
```

> 2. Switch Phone Provider to Twilio Verify

Reviewer 2: Add link to the providers page on the dashboard.

> 3. Fill in the Message Service ID field on the Dashboard with the ID of the Verification Service created in 1.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to use "configure the message service ID ..." style wording.

> Unlike other providers, the OTP expiry duration, message content fields, and rate limits are not configurable via the Supabase dashboard. Please head to Twilio Verify to configure these settings.

Reviewer 2: Is this true? GoTrue rate limits don't apply for Twilio Verify?

Author: They do, but if Twilio Verify has tighter limits than GoTrue then Twilio Verify takes precedence. I'll update to refelcet that.
